[INTERNAL] Document UI5_LOG_LVL in Troubleshooting page (#850)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/Troubleshooting.md

```

Any missing framework dependencies will be downloaded again during the next UI5 Tooling invocation.

> ## UI5 CLI

Reviewer: Since the environment variable is most relevant in scenarios where the CLI is **not** used, I'm in favor of using a different headline here.

Reviewer 2: I had in mind to create a separate page for the logger module and describing it there?

Author: Please check the BLI. We have agreed on defining it first here and then eventually, with another BLI to create a separate Logger module page

Author: > Since the environment variable is most relevant in scenarios where the CLI is **not** used, I'm in favor of using a different headline here.

I got your point but since the `--log-level` is a CLI parameter and the rest of the page refers to the different UI5 repos/projects I put it like that. 
@RandomByte do you have any suggestions on how to name this section?
What do you think about "Environment Variables"? We could eventually extend it in the future with more variables or even consolidate it here.

Reviewer: "Environment Variables" sounds good 👌

Author: Done

> ### Change Log Level via environment variable

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Changing the Log Level via Environment Variable
```

In CI environments or in a combination with other tools, the usage of [UI5 CLI's `--log-level`](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/pages/CLI/#common-options) command parameter might be inconvenient and even impossible.

#### Resolution

> Replace UI5 Tooling's `--log-level` option, with the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Replace UI5 Tooling's `--log-level` option with the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable.
```

> For example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Example:
```

> `UI5_LOG_LVL=silly ui5 build`

Reviewer: Maybe we can provide an *additional* example for the karma use case? I.e. `UI5_LOG_LVL=verbose npm run karma`

Author: Thanks!

> on Windows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On Windows:
```

`set UI5_LOG_LVL=silly ui5 build`

> 

Reviewer: We could also hint at using [`cross-env`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cross-env) for cross-platform env variable setting.

> **Note**: Combination of `UI5_LOG_LVL` & `--log-level` CLI parameter might lead to unexpected results. They should be used interchangeably, but not together. The CLI parameter has precedence over `UI5_LOG_LVL` env variable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note**: The combination of the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable with the `--log-level` CLI parameter might lead to unexpected results; they should be used interchangeably but not together. The CLI parameter takes precedence over the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable.
```

> **Note**: The combination of the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable with the `--log-level` CLI parameter might lead to unexpected results; they should be used interchangeably but not together. The CLI parameter takes precedence over the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable.

Reviewer: Maybe a [warning block](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/#type:warning) would be nice here?

```suggestion
!!! warning
    The combination of the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable with the `--log-level` CLI parameter might lead to unexpected results; they should be used interchangeably but not together. The CLI parameter takes precedence over the `UI5_LOG_LVL` environment variable.
```
